Align to newest Snap, Event Collector Changes (AO-19422) (#33)
solarwinds/solarwinds-snap-agent-docker: README.md

## Configuration

### Enabling Docker Logs collector from Kubernetes nodes

> In this configuration SolarWinds Snap Agent DaemonSet will gather Docker logs from underlaying node and publish them to Loggly (in addition to gathering HostAgent and Docker metrics to AppOptics).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this configuration SolarWinds Snap Agent DaemonSet will gather Docker logs from underlying node and publish them to Loggly (in addition to gathering HostAgent and Docker metrics to AppOptics).
```

> This option is not enabled by default, it have to be turn on to start working. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option is disabled by default, it has to be turned on to start working. 
```

* Create `solarwinds-token` secret in your cluster. To create it run:

  ``` bash
  kubectl create secret generic solarwinds-token -n kube-system --from-literal=SOLARWINDS_TOKEN=<REPLACE WITH TOKEN>
  ```

* (Optional step) If your token for Loggly is different than your SolarWinds token, please create new Kubernetes secret. If the tokens are the same, there is no need to perform this step - in that case `SOLARWINDS_TOKEN`, will be used by Loggly Publisher plugin.

  ``` bash

>   kubectl create secret generic loggly-token -n kube-system --from-literal=LOGGLY_TOKEN=<REPLACE WITH LOGGLY TOKEN>

Reviewer 2: add PAPERTRAIL_TOKEN note also

Author: Added general info regarding  PAPERTRAIL_TOKEN, and info regarding  PAPERTRAIL_TOKEN in relevant places.

  ```

> * Set `SWISNAP_ENABLE_DOCKER_LOGS` to `true` in stable overlay for [DaemonSet kustomization.yaml](deploy/overlays/stable/daemonset/kustomization.yaml).

Reviewer 2: please add note, that if you want to use custom configuration for collecting docker logs (filters https://github.com/librato/snap-plugin-collector-logs/blob/ed98a6f2566abcf15d8e1f6c387d3573cbe3e2cf/examples/tasks/host-agent-default-docker.yaml#L33), customer needs to use custom tasks configuration

Author: Better question: shouldn't we have something more general in default config instead filtering only nginx in default taskfile?

https://github.com/librato/snap-plugin-collector-logs/blob/ed98a6f2566abcf15d8e1f6c387d3573cbe3e2cf/examples/tasks/host-agent-default-docker.yaml#L33

 LOG_PATH                       | Set this value to enable SolarWinds Snap Agent logging to file. Default logs are printed to stdout for SolarWinds Snap Agent running in Docker container. Overriding this option disable reading Snap Agent log using `docker logs`, or `kubectl logs`.
 SWISNAP_SECURE                 | Set this to `true` to run only signed plugins.
 SWISNAP_DISABLE_HOSTAGENT      | Set this to `true` to disable the SolarWinds Snap Agent system metrics collection.
 SWISNAP_DISABLE_PROCESSES      | Set this to `true` to disable the SolarWinds Snap Agent processes metrics collection.
 SWISNAP_ENABLE_DOCKER          | Set this to `true` to enable the Docker plugin. This requires Docker socket mounted inside container (done by default in DaemonSet).
 SWISNAP_ENABLE_DOCKER_LOGS     | Set this to true to enable Logs collector task for gathering Docker logs. This requires Docker socket mounted inside container (done by default in DaemonSet).
 SWISNAP_ENABLE_APACHE          | Set this to `true` to enable the Apache plugin.
 SWISNAP_ENABLE_ELASTICSEARCH   | Set this to `true` to enable the Elasticsearch plugin.

>  SWISNAP_ENABLE_KUBERNETES      | Set this to `true` to enable the Kubernetes plugin. Enabling this option on the DaemonSet will cause replication of Kubernetes metrics where the replication count is the number of pods with Kubernetes collection enabled minus one. Typically Kubernetes collection is only enabled on the Deployment asset.

Reviewer: are we going to have a separate flag for k8s event like eg `SWISNAP_ENABLE_KUBERNETES_EVENTS` ?

Author: No. There is new separate instruction for providing task file as config map which is mounted to pod. 

In case of events I assume that there will be a need to modify default event filters to align to one needs. This was handled this way even with old logs suite (allow to manual modifications)

Reviewer 2: hmmmm, good point, if there is enable_docker which enables default config, there should be enable_kube_events which does the same.

Author: OK, then. I will add it also.

Author: One additional comment:
docker logs in default config needs only to have docker socket avialalble (mounted) with Read permissions, but in case of K8S logs depending on if it's inside k8s cluster or outsite needs:

- kube config available (non incluster), 
- or in case of incluster  it need `incluster` option to set to true in task manifest and proper RBAC role added so it would have proper permissions in cluster itself.

May I ask for confirmation that we with  `SWISNAP_ENABLE_KUBERNETES_LOGS` we would like to have 1st option (default), when it's up to user to provide (mount) .k8s config to container? I'm not sure if this would be best practice tho to expect someone to mount cluster config to docker.

Reviewer 2: well, we are incluster, so option 2 should be enabled. By "default" values I was thinking about default event filters, which would be really hard to configure using env variables.

## Integrating Kubernetes Cluster Events Collection With Loggly
This documentaton can be also found in [Documentation for SolarWinds](https://documentation.solarwinds.com/en/Success_Center/appoptics/Content/kb/host_infrastructure/host_agent/kubernetes_ha.htm#integrating-kubernetes-cluster-events-collection-with-loggly) webpage.

> Starting from SolarWinds Snap Agent release 4.1.0 allows you to collect cluster events and push them to Loggly using embedded logs collector under the hood. To utilize this functionality there is a need to create corresponding configmaps in your cluster, with proper task configuration. The example config file can be found in [Event collector configs](examples/event-collector-configs). To enable event collection in your deployment, follow below steps:

Reviewer 2: "The example task configuration file". Good practice would be to use "task configuration" for tasks, and "plugin configuration" for config files in plugins.d.

Author: Hope it's better this way

* Create Kubernetes secret for `SOLARWINDS_TOKEN`:

  ```shell
  kubectl create secret generic solarwinds-token -n kube-system --from-literal=SOLARWINDS_TOKEN=<REPLACE WITH TOKEN>
  ```

> * (Optional step) If your token for Loggly is different than your SolarWinds token, please create new Kubernetes secret. If the tokens are the same, there is no need to perform this step - in that case `SOLARWINDS_TOKEN`, will be used by Loggly Publisher plugin.

Reviewer 2: + PAPERTRAIL_TOKEN

 SWISNAP_ENABLE_DOCKER          | Set this to `true` to enable the Docker plugin. This requires Docker socket mounted inside container (done by default in DaemonSet).
 SWISNAP_ENABLE_DOCKER_LOGS     | Set this to true to enable Logs collector task for gathering Docker logs. If set to true, setting `SWISNAP_DOCKER_LOGS_CONTAINER_NAMES` var is mandatory. This also requires Docker socket mounted inside container (done by default in DaemonSet).
 SWISNAP_DOCKER_LOGS_CONTAINER_NAMES | Space separated list of container names, for which log colelctor/forwarder should be set.
 SWISNAP_ENABLE_APACHE          | Set this to `true` to enable the Apache plugin.
 SWISNAP_ENABLE_ELASTICSEARCH   | Set this to `true` to enable the Elasticsearch plugin.
 SWISNAP_ENABLE_KUBERNETES      | Set this to `true` to enable the Kubernetes plugin. Enabling this option on the DaemonSet will cause replication of Kubernetes metrics where the replication count is the number of pods with Kubernetes collection enabled minus one. Typically Kubernetes collection is only enabled on the Deployment asset.

>  SWISNAP_ENABLE_KUBERNETES_LOGS | Set this to `true` to enable the default Kubernetes logs collector/forwarder. To enable this proper RBAC role have to be set (done for Deployment form this repo).

Author: from

If you use `SWISNAP_ENABLE_<plugin_name>` set to `true`, then keep in mind that SolarWinds Snap Agent will use default plugins configs and task manifests. For custom configuration see [Custom plugins configuration and tasks manifests](#custom-plugins-configuration-and-tasks-manifests).

## Integrating Kubernetes Cluster Events Collection with Loggly/Papertrail
This documentaton can be also found in [Documentation for SolarWinds](https://documentation.solarwinds.com/en/Success_Center/appoptics/Content/kb/host_infrastructure/host_agent/kubernetes_ha.htm#integrating-kubernetes-cluster-events-collection-with-loggly) webpage.

> Starting from SolarWinds Snap Agent release 4.1.0 allows you to collect cluster events and push them to Loggly using embedded logs collector under the hood. There are two different ways to enable this functionality - one with enabling default forwarder for Snap Deployment, in which there will be monitored normal events in default namespace [Instructions](#enabling-default-kuberentes-log-forwarder). The second option is more advanced and require create corresponding configmaps in your cluster, with proper task configuration. This way allows you to manually edit this configuration, with option to modify both desired event filters, monitored Kubernetes namespace and to select desired publisher [Instruction](#advanced-configuration-for-Kuberetes-log-forwarder-with-custom-task-configuration).

Author: ```suggestion
Starting from SolarWinds Snap Agent release 4.1.0 allows you to collect cluster events and push them to Loggly using embedded logs collector under the hood. There are two different ways to enable this functionality - one with enabling default forwarder for Snap Deployment, in which there will be monitored Normal events in default namespace [Instructions](#enabling-default-kuberentes-log-forwarder). The second option is more advanced and require create corresponding configmaps in your cluster, with proper task configuration. This way allows you to manually edit this configuration, with option to modify both desired event filters, monitored Kubernetes namespace and to select desired publisher [Instruction](#advanced-configuration-for-Kuberetes-log-forwarder-with-custom-task-configuration).
```

### Enabling default Kubernetes log forwarder

* Create Kubernetes secret for `SOLARWINDS_TOKEN`:

  ```shell
  kubectl create secret generic solarwinds-token -n kube-system --from-literal=SOLARWINDS_TOKEN=<REPLACE WITH TOKEN>
  ```
* (Optional step) If your token for Loggly is different than your SolarWinds token, please create new Kubernetes secret. If the tokens are the same, there is no need to perform this step - in that case `SOLARWINDS_TOKEN`, will be used by Loggly Publisher plugin.

  ``` bash
  kubectl create secret generic loggly-token -n kube-system --from-literal=LOGGLY_TOKEN=<REPLACE WITH LOGGLY TOKEN>
  ```

> * Edit kustomisation.yaml for Snap Agent Deployment and set `SWISNAP_ENABLE_KUBERNETES_LOGS` parameter to `true`

Author: Link to file in repo

  ```diff
  index 8b5d94b..f3aac10 100644
  --- a/deploy/overlays/stable/deployment/kustomization.yaml
  +++ b/deploy/overlays/stable/deployment/kustomization.yaml
  @@ -9,7 +9,7 @@ configMapGenerator:
     - name: swisnap-k8s-configma 
       behavior: merge
       literals:
  -      - SWISNAP_ENABLE_KUBERNETES_LOGS=false
  +      - SWISNAP_ENABLE_KUBERNETES_LOGS=true

   images:
     - name: solarwinds/solarwinds-snap-agent-docker
  ```

* Create Snap Agent Deployment (it will automatically create corresponding ServiceAccount):

  ```shell
  kubectl apply -k ./deploy/overlays/stable/events-collector/
  ```

* Watch your cluster events in Loggly.

### Advanced configuration for Kuberetes log forwarder with custom task configuration

> To utilize this functionality there is a need to create corresponding configmaps in your cluster, with proper task configuration. The example config file can be found in [Event collector configs](examples/event-collector-configs). To enable event collection in your deployment, follow below steps:

Author: event collector

  ```shell
  kubectl create secret generic solarwinds-token -n kube-system --from-literal=SOLARWINDS_TOKEN=<REPLACE WITH TOKEN>
  ```

* (Optional) If you wish to use Logs Collector/Forwarder functionality from SolarWinds Snap Agent and your token for Loggly or Papertrail is different than your SolarWinds token, please create new Kubernetes secrets, depending on a needs. 
Note: If these tokens are the same, there is no need to perform this step - in that case `SOLARWINDS_TOKEN`, will be used by Loggly and Papertrail Publisher plugins.

  ``` bash
  # setting for loggly-http, loggly-http-bulk, loggly-syslog Logs Publishers
  kubectl create secret generic loggly-token -n kube-system --from-literal=LOGGLY_TOKEN=<REPLACE WITH LOGGLY TOKEN>

  # setting for swi-logs-http-bulk, swi-logs-http Logs Publishers 
  kubectl create secret generic papertrail-token -n kube-system --from-literal=PAPERTRAIL_TOKEN=<REPLACE WITH PAPERTRAIL TOKEN>

  # setting for papertrail-syslog publisher
  kubectl create secret generic papertrail-publisher-settings -n kube-system --from-literal=PAPERTRAIL_HOST=<REPLACE WITH PAPERTRAIL HOST> --from-literal=PAPERTRAIL_PORT=<REPLACE WITH PAPERTRAIL PORT>
  ```

> * [task-logs-k8s-events.yaml](examples/event-collector-configs/task-logs-k8s-events.yaml) file configures the Kubernetes Events Log task. This config contains `plugins.config.filters` field with specified filter. With this example filter event collector will watch for `normal` events in `default` namespace. Depending on your needs, you can modify this filter to monitor other event types, or other namespaces.

Author: Normal

### Enabling default Kuberetes log forwarder

* Create Kubernetes secret for `SOLARWINDS_TOKEN`:

  ```shell
  kubectl create secret generic solarwinds-token -n kube-system --from-literal=SOLARWINDS_TOKEN=<REPLACE WITH TOKEN>
  ```
* (Optional step) If your token for Loggly is different than your SolarWinds token, please create new Kubernetes secret. If the tokens are the same, there is no need to perform this step - in that case `SOLARWINDS_TOKEN`, will be used by Loggly Publisher plugin.

  ``` bash
  kubectl create secret generic loggly-token -n kube-system --from-literal=LOGGLY_TOKEN=<REPLACE WITH LOGGLY TOKEN>
  ```

* Edit kustomisation.yaml for Snap Agent Deployment and set `SWISNAP_ENABLE_KUBERNETES_LOGS` parameter to `true`

  ```diff
  index 8b5d94b..f3aac10 100644
  --- a/deploy/overlays/stable/deployment/kustomization.yaml
  +++ b/deploy/overlays/stable/deployment/kustomization.yaml
  @@ -9,7 +9,7 @@ configMapGenerator:
     - name: swisnap-k8s-configma 
       behavior: merge
       literals:
  -      - SWISNAP_ENABLE_KUBERNETES_LOGS=false
  +      - SWISNAP_ENABLE_KUBERNETES_LOGS=true

   images:
     - name: solarwinds/solarwinds-snap-agent-docker
  ```

> FIXME

Reviewer 2: fixme ?

Author: fixed
